[Feature] Enable Ruby Proc for `require_confirm_worker_params` (#32)
gohkhoonhiang/sidekiq_adhoc_job: README.md

  config.module_names = ['YourProject::Worker']
  config.strategy_name = :active_job
  config.load_paths = ['app/jobs/**/*.rb']

>   config.require_confirm_worker_names = ['YourProject::Worker::A', 'YourProject::Worker::B']
>   # List of Symbols                   = %i[YourProject::Worker::A YourProject::Worker::B]
>   # Apply to worker name end with "A" = ->(worker_class) { worker_class.end_with?('A') }
>   # Ruby class that implements #call  = CallableObject.new

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  config.require_confirm_worker_names     = %w[YourProject::Worker::A YourProject::Worker::B]
  # List of Symbols                       = %i[YourProject::Worker::A YourProject::Worker::B]
  # Apply to workers name ending with "A" = ->(worker_class) { worker_class.end_with?('A') }
  # Ruby class that implements #call      = CallableObject.new
```

  - `active_job`: check for all classes that extend `ActiveJob::Base`
  - `rails_application_job`: check for all classes that extend `ApplicationJob`
- `load_paths` (optional - default `[]`): takes in a list of file paths that the gem should load when initializing, in order to include the necessary classes in the app `ObjectSpace`

> - `require_confirm_worker_names` (optional - default `[]`): takes in a Ruby callable object as predicate or fully namespaced worker class names that require confirmation before running the job through web UI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `require_confirm_worker_names` (optional - default `[]`): takes in a Ruby callable object, or a Proc, or fully namespaced worker class names that require confirmation before running the job through web UI.
```
